CONFIDENTIALITY AND EXECUTIVE RESTRICTION AGREEMENT

This Confidentiality and Executive Restriction Agreement (“Confidentiality Agreement”) is between OceanFirst Financial Corp. and its successors and assigns, and Patrick Barrett. Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Executive Employment Agreement between the Parties dated of even date herewith.

RECITALS

Executive is employed as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the Company. By virtue of his position with the Company, Executive has access to Confidential Information (defined below), which must remain confidential during and after his employment. Executive also has access to important customer and employee relationships that must be protected from unfair competition or misuse that might advantage others to the detriment of the Company.

With this agreement, the Company is providing Executive a Change in Control benefit to which he is not otherwise entitled. The Change in Control benefits, Executive’s continuing employment with the Company, and access to Confidential Information and relationships with Company customers and employees all serve as consideration for the obligations stated in this Confidentiality Agreement.

AGREEMENT
1.“Confidential Information” means information concerning the business, operations, strategies, financial status, products, services, customer names, customer lists and customer information of the Company, which is confidential or proprietary to the Company. Confidential Information does not include information that: (a) is or becomes generally available to the public through no fault or act of Executive in violation of this Confidentiality Agreement; (b) is or becomes available to Executive on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company not known to Executive to be prohibited from disclosing such information by a contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation of confidentiality; (c) is independently developed by the Executive without use of or reliance on, either directly or indirectly, Confidential Information; or (d) was known to or in the possession of Executive on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company.
2.All Confidential Information is and shall remain the property of the Company. No license or conveyance of any right is granted or implied by the distribution of any Confidential Information to Executive. Executive agrees not to use, duplicate, or reproduce in any way any Confidential Information for Executive’s own benefit or financial gain, or for any third party’s benefit or financial gain, except in connection with rendering services to the Company. All documents (originals and copies, including electronic versions) containing Confidential Information shall be returned to the Company upon termination.
3.During, and after the termination of, his employment, Executive agrees not to disclose any of the Company’s Confidential Information to any person or entity or use such Confidential Information to his own benefit or the benefit of any person or entity other than the Company. This provision shall not prohibit disclosure of Confidential Information during Executive’s employment to an officer, employee, fiduciary or affiliate of the Company, or a Company vendor, provided a third party outside the Company (such as a vendor) has signed a similar confidentiality agreement, or such disclosure of Confidential Information is required by lawful judicial or governmental order. Executive agrees to give the Company reasonable notice in writing in advance of releasing Confidential Information pursuant to any judicial or governmental order. Executive additionally agrees to implement and maintain at all times reasonably appropriate procedures and controls to ensure at all times the security and confidentiality of all of the Company’s Confidential Information, to protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information; and to protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to the Company or any customer of the Company. Executive agrees to notify the Company of any known security breach, any known unauthorized release of Confidential Information, or any known unauthorized attempt to access Confidential Information of which he becomes aware within a reasonable time of the occurrence of such event. Such notice will include, at a minimum, the date and time of any such event, the nature and extent of Confidential Information involved in any such event, and the corrective measures taken by Employee in response to any such event.
3A. Protected Rights. Executive understands that nothing contained in this Confidentiality Agreement limits Executive’s ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (“Government Agencies”). Executive further understands that this Confidentiality Agreement does not limit Executive’s ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other Company confidential information, without notice to the Company. This Confidentiality Agreement does not limit Executive’s right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and entered into this Confidentiality Agreement effective on March ___, 2022.


/s/ Patrick Barrett
Patrick Barrett
 
OCEANFIRST FINANCIAL CORP.


By: /s/ Steven J. Tsimbinos
Name: Steven J. Tsimbinos
Title: EVP, General Counsel and Corp. Secretary
